README.md, before:

# Parallel Computing project - Compression

### Goal of this project
Design and develop a parallel compression tool that efficiently compresses large datasets using multiple processing units. File compression algorithms (e.g., Huffman, LZ77, LZMA) are computationally intensive and can benefit significantly from concurrent processing by dividing the input data into chunks that can be compressed independently. 

### How to reproduce the results
Download the files from git and copy the folder into the cluster
> scp -r ./YourGitFolderName/ yourname.yoursurname@hpc.unitn.it:~/YourDestinationFolder

Inside your cluster, in YourDestinationFolder, compile the **main.cpp**
> g++ -std=c++11 -fopenmp -o main main.cpp

In case of errors due to Windows' *^M* execute the following commands and repeat the compilation attempt
> dos2unix schedulable_job.pbs
> 
> dos2unix main.cpp

Run the job you'd like to
> qsub schedulable_job.pbs

Check if the job has finished
> qstat -u yourname.yoursurname

Verify the output once done
> cat execution.out

Commit message:

Added the ability of Huffman to detect when working with images. The code will use an alternative way to sort bits in order to achieve the best compression for images.

README.md, after:

# Parallel Computing project - Compression

### Goal of this project
Design and develop a parallel compression tool that efficiently compresses large datasets using multiple processing units. File compression algorithms (e.g., Huffman, LZ77, LZMA) are computationally intensive and can benefit significantly from concurrent processing by dividing the input data into chunks that can be compressed independently. 

### Strength of the compression algorithm
The code works best with text formats. Its ability to work with images only depends on the format of those. Algorithms like jpg or png **don't use** a single compression layer but rather combinations of algorithms (LF77 + Huffman) and a reordiring of bits to achieve the best compression possible. 
> Applying this algorithm to jpgs or pngs doens't change anything because Huffman (or stronger algorithms) was already applied to those!

The code achieves:
+ **Very high compression** on texts or strings with a size bigger than 4 KiloBytes (already 50%)
+ **Good compression** on raw files with a size bigger than 50 MegaBytes (already 33%)

### How to reproduce the results
Download the files from git and copy the folder into the cluster
> scp -r ./YourGitFolderName/ yourname.yoursurname@hpc.unitn.it:~/YourDestinationFolder

Inside your cluster, in YourDestinationFolder, compile the **main.cpp**
> g++ -std=c++11 -fopenmp -o main main.cpp

In case of errors due to Windows' *^M* execute the following commands and repeat the compilation attempt
> dos2unix schedulable_job.pbs
> 
> dos2unix main.cpp

Run the job you'd like to
> qsub schedulable_job.pbs

Check if the job has finished
> qstat -u yourname.yoursurname

Verify the output once done
> cat execution.out
